= Description

Toybox plugin let you use lightbox seamlessly using the Facebox library. The pages
loaded through it will maintain their status through a specific token and automatically
return a "pop-in" layout.

Based on the great work accomplished by facebox_render

= Install

* script/plugin install git://github.com/xenda/toybox.git (for Rails 2)
* rails plugin install git://github.com/xenda/toybox.git (for Rails 3)

= USAGE

There are two ways of using Toybox. The first one, inherited from facebox_render,
will let you use helpers and respond actions to redirect the way your facebox content
works. 

The other one, by using the link_to_box helper, will set up a dialog token that will 
go along your links and help us deduct whether you are inside a box (and need a special layout)
or just a regular content. It's our recommended way since it just works. You'd need only to
redefine a layout option. 

== Helper

* link_to_box helper, it's will launch loading facebox first, send ajax request second)
* link_to_remote, form_remote_tag ...etc Ajax helper. (for Rails 2)
* link_to :remote => true, form_for :remote => true ...etc Ajax helper (for Rails 3)

Don't use <a href="somelink" ref="facebox">

== Controller
  
 In your action:

  respond_to do |format|
    format.html
    format.js { render_to_box }
  end

By Default render the html without layout,
otherwise you can pass options[:template], options[:layout], options[:action], options[:partial] or options[:html] string.
Passing options[:msg] will pulsate a message.

If block given, it will yield after facebox script, eg:
  
  render_to_box do |page|
    page << "alert('test')"
  end

Besides render_to_box, we have close_box, redirect_from_box.

  respond_to do |format|
    format.html
    format.js { close_box }
  end

= Authors & Contributors

* Alvaro Pereyra (Xenda) http://xendacentral.com

= Original Authors & Contributors
* Wen-Tien Chang http://ihower.tw
* Francisco J. http://github.com/franciscoj
* Pavel Y. http://github.com/xedin
* Blake Chambers

= License

Licensed under the MIT: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
